Update network binding plugins documentation to reflect GA status (#926)
kubevirt/user-guide: docs/network/net_binding_plugins/slirp.md

> UDP. ICMP is *not* supported.

## Slirp network binding plugin

> **Important**: The core SLIRP binding was deprecated and removed in v1.3.0. 
> This documentation covers the **network binding plugin** implementation of SLIRP.

The binding plugin replaces the [core `slirp` binding](../../network/interfaces_and_networks.md#slirp)
API.

> **Note**: The network binding plugin infrastructure is GA as of v1.5.0.

> > The SLIRP plugin is stable for production use.

Author: Redundant; covered below under feature gates.

the slirp plugin needs to:

- Assure access to the sidecar image.
- Register the binding plugin on the Kubevirt CR.
- Reference the network binding by name from the VM spec interface.

> **Note**: The registered name for this binding should be `slirp` to maintain
> compatibility with existing VM specifications that reference the slirp binding.

### Feature Gate

> > **Note**: As of v1.5.0, the Network Binding Plugin feature is GA and enabled by default. 
> > No feature gate activation is required.

Author: ```suggestion
As of v1.5.0, the Network Binding Plugin feature enabled by default and has no feature gate.

The slirp plugin similarly has no feature gate of its own, but the plugin needs to be made available in the cluster by [registering it](./#slirp-registration).
```

> **Note**: The specific slirp plugin has no feature gate of its own. It is up to the cluster

> > admin to decide if the plugin is to be available in the cluster by registering it.

Author: If the previous suggestion looks good, remove this.
